By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively. OK 0 Interest-Free Finance Available About Us Treatments Fees 020 3667 7070 Book Online Now Open Menu Close Menu About Us Treatments Fees 020 3667 7070 Book Online Now Open Menu Close Menu About Us Treatments Fees 020 3667 7070 Book Online Now Your Trusted Dentists in the City of London We’re dedicated to personalised care that makes you feel valued, using world-class techniques to enhance your smile and boost your confidence. % buffered00:00 Play Video is not available or format is not supported. Try a different browser. Contact Us Book Now Where expertise meets elegance . We all need a dentist. Picking the right one can be a major decision. Here’s why you should choose us . We are committed to providing a smooth and relaxed dental experience. We offer all types of dentistry including general dentistry, cosmetic dentistry, Invisalign orthodontics and implants. Based in Islington, in the City of London, we are easily accessible. We offer flexible appointments, as well as Emergency Dental Care in the heart of London. Established in 2010, we provide top-quality private dentistry tailored to your needs. Using state-of-the-art technology, our modern and friendly practice in Old Street is here for you. 109 Lever Street, Islington, EC1V 3RQ We are accepting new patients Testimonials “Was looking for a dentist in Old Street and so glad I found this place! They made me feel really calm and relaxed, really happy with the experience” Friendly, professional and genuinely cared for my wellbeing. I just moved into the neighborhood and will make this place my local dentist. Zainab Jim It’s been 4 months since I finished my Invisalign treatment at LDC with Dr. Leila and I am still just as happy! I would highly recommend treatment at LDC, the team are all very friendly and accommodating, thank you! :) Zoe 100+ 5-Star Reviews Cosmetic Composite Bonding Our skilled dentists can help to re-shape your teeth to achieve the smile that helps you feel confident. Cosmetic Teeth Whitening We help you to achieve a brighter smile with our professional teeth whitening kits. Cosmetic Smile Makeover Speak to one of cosmetic dentists about how you can achieve your perfect smile with a range of treatments. Oral Surgery Dental Implants Talk to one of our master implantologists about dental implants and how they can restore you smile. Explore all treatments Book Online INVISALIGN Straighter teeth, clear aligners, no braces Learn more about Invisalign From £2,600 0% finance available Cosmetic Dentistry, Transforming Smiles At LDC, we are dedicated to going above and beyond to make you smile. Our highly skilled team has transformed thousands of smiles and continuously seeks new ways to innovate. From teeth bonding, veneers, and straightening to implants and whitening, ur cosmetic dentists are committed to giving you a smile that enhances your life. Meet Our Dentists Dr Leila, General & Cosmetic Dentist Dr Katya, General & Cosmetic Dentist Dr Arthie, General & Cosmetic Dentist Dr Zola, General & Cosmetic Dentist Dr Marios, Oral Surgeon Dr Ioannis, Periodontist Are you making the most of your dental insurance ? Most dental insurance can be used with us. Speak to a member of our team about getting the most out of your insurance. Maximise your oral health, minimise the costs. Contact us Dental Insurance FAQs & more Book Online Testimonials TRANSFORMING SMILES with COMPOSITE BONDING “ I’m so grateful for the team at London Dental Centre, they were so friendly and professional. I’ve definitely got my confidence back! ” Lawrence, 26, Engineer Click here to Get Directions Nearest Tube Lines A 5-10 minute walk from Old Street Underground Northern Line/London Overground A 10 minute walk from Barbican & Farringdon Underground Elizabeth/Hammersmith & City/Metropolitan Lines Follow us on Instagram: Emergency Appointments Hygiene Clean (Scale & Polish) Invisalign Treatment Composite Bonding Veneers Teeth Whitening Implants Treatments Home Website T&C Terms of Sale Privacy Policy Book Appointment Contact Us Testimonials Prices/Fees Blog 109 LEVER STREET, OLD STREET, ISLINGTON, LONDON, EC1V 3RQ | 020 3667 7070 | INFO@THELONDONDENTALCENTRE.CO.UK © LONDON DENTAL CENTRE 2024 | LDMC Ltd 07156856 | Other | Regulated by CQC